Software instructions (how to use the program)to use the program you can type 
either a y or an n or a number between 1 and 10 the different numbers will give 
you different things you can do for example 1 might ask you to put 1 number in 
while 2 might ask you to input a number you want to find 
1. Add individual numbers to your listthis is easy you type 1 and then it will ask
 you what do you whant to add to your list and the ask what integer you would like to add thats it 



2. Add multiple numbers to your list,
this will aks how nany number and how high you want it to go 



3. Return the value at an index position, this takes the pozistion you want and return where it is 



4. Generate a random number from the list, grabs a random number from the list 




 
5. Search your list for a specific number,grabs a number in the list that is there you cant do this if its not in this you can check by checking out 9  





6. Recursive Binary Search, 





7. Iterative Binary Search,




8. Sort your list, 



9. Print your list,



10. End the program   """)
  


Description of how our two binary search algorithms work 
we have 2 binary searches and this is how they work 
let's say we are trying to find 7 and we have 9 numbers that are 2,4,6,7,8,11,13,18,19,20 first becasue binary starts at 0 we have 10 numbers 
but how it works is it finds the lowest(2) number and the highest(20) and the middle(8) it looks at the middle and sees where it needs to go becasue it 7 we get rid of 
the right half and keep the left are new high = mid -1 now we have 7 as are the highest number and are low is still 2 and are mid is 3 and are target is 7 we discard the left
 half and go to the right are new low is mid +1 now becasue we have no more numbers but 7so its are low mid and high so are mid = 7 we take the index position of 3 becasue 
that's the spot and end are search  the difference between recursion and iteration is recurshion is when a function calls its self over and over untell it get it on a while loop 






Description of the change you either MADE or WANT TO MAKE to the program (how to implement it, why it’s a good idea, etc)
the change I made was I set timers all this does is make the program look nice by adding time I did this by inputting time and adding time.sleep(?) <--- the time I wanted
 this makes the program not feel as clunky and feel smoother 